Updating torchvision tutorial using Transforms API v2 (#2533)
pytorch/tutorials: intermediate_source/torchvision_tutorial.rst

====================================================

.. tip::
   To get the most of this tutorial, we suggest using this
   `Colab Version <https://colab.research.google.com/github/pytorch/tutorials/blob/gh-pages/_downloads/torchvision_finetuning_instance_segmentation.ipynb>`__.
   This will allow you to experiment with the information presented below.

For this tutorial, we will be finetuning a pre-trained `Mask
R-CNN <https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.06870>`__ model on the `Penn-Fudan
Database for Pedestrian Detection and
Segmentation <https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~jshi/ped_html/>`__. It contains
170 images with 345 instances of pedestrians, and we will use it to
illustrate how to use the new features in torchvision in order to train

> an object detection model on a custom dataset.

Author: Well, yes mask-rcnn is about object detection and instance segmentation together and it is generalization of an object detection architecture. How about saying there:
```
how to use the new features in torchvision in order to train
an object detection and instance segmentation model on a custom dataset.
```
?

> an object detection model on a custom dataset.

Reviewer: sure

``__getitem__``.

The only specificity that we require is that the dataset ``__getitem__``
should return a tuple:

> -  image: ``torchvision.datapoints.Image[3, H, W]`` or a PIL Image of size ``(H, W)``

Author: It works locally :+1: 
Let's try it here

``__getitem__``.

The only specificity that we require is that the dataset ``__getitem__``
should return a tuple:

> -  image: :class:`torchvision.datapoints.Image` of shape ``[3, H, W]`` or a PIL Image of size ``(H, W)``

Reviewer: Do we want to indicate that a Tensor is fine as well?

```suggestion
-  image: :class:`torchvision.datapoints.Image` of shape ``[3, H, W]``, a pure tensor, or a PIL Image of size ``(H, W)``
```

       FudanPed00003.png
       FudanPed00004.png

Here is one example of a pair of images and segmentation masks

.. image:: ../../_static/img/tv_tutorial/tv_image01.png

.. image:: ../../_static/img/tv_tutorial/tv_image02.png

So each image has a corresponding
segmentation mask, where each color correspond to a different instance.
Let’s write a :class:`torch.utils.data.Dataset` class for this dataset.
In the code below, we are wrapping images, bounding boxes and masks into
``torchvision.datapoints`` classes so that we will be able to apply torchvision
built-in transformations (`new Transforms API <https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/transforms.html>`_)
for the given object detection and segmentation task.
Namely, image tensors will be wrapped by :class:`torchvision.datapoints.Image`, bounding boxes into
:class:`torchvision.datapoints.BoundingBoxes` and masks into :class:`torchvision.datapoints.Mask`.

> As datapoints are :class:`torch.Tensor` subclasses, wrapped objects are also tensors and inherit plain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As datapoints are :class:`torch.Tensor` subclasses, wrapped objects are also tensors and inherit the plain
```

So each image has a corresponding
segmentation mask, where each color correspond to a different instance.
Let’s write a ``torch.utils.data.Dataset`` class for this dataset.
In the code below, we are wrapping images, bounding boxes and masks into
``torchvision.datapoints`` structures so that we will be able to apply torchvision
built-in transformations (`new Transforms API <https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/transforms.html>`_)
that cover the object detection and segmentation tasks.

> For more information about torchvision datapoints see `this documentation <https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/datapoints.html>`_.

Reviewer: I think we should link to https://pytorch.org/vision/main/auto_examples/v2_transforms/plot_transforms_v2.html#sphx-glr-auto-examples-v2-transforms-plot-transforms-v2-py instead, as there isn't much relevant info in https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/datapoints.html.

So each image has a corresponding
segmentation mask, where each color correspond to a different instance.
Let’s write a ``torch.utils.data.Dataset`` class for this dataset.

> In the code below we are wrapping images, bounding boxes and masks into
> ``torchvision.datapoints`` structures such that we will be able apply torchvision
> built-in transformations (`new Transforms API <https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/transforms.html>`_)
> that cover the object detection and segmetation tasks.
> More on torchvision datapoints see this `documentation <https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/datapoints.html>`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the code below, we are wrapping images, bounding boxes and masks into
``torchvision.datapoints`` structures so that we will be able to apply torchvision
built-in transformations (`new Transforms API <https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/transforms.html>`_)
that cover the object detection and segmetation tasks.
For more information about torchvision datapoints, see `this documentation <https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/datapoints.html>`_
```
